Oh promise
Is the saintess really going to marry this trash antelope?
Antelope, what do you mean?
Who are they, Mr. Lin, don't get me wrong
They are just the servants of the leftover women
If the attendant is worried
Then go back.
What leftover woman goes to the appointment in person?
He turned down this lunatic
Isn't he afraid of angering the leftover women?
That's right, Leon.
Apologize to the leftover girl
No, it's really our problem.
You let them all go down
I'm left here alone
Holy woman, what's going on?
Why does the saintess feel like Ko Chi Ling?
Mr. Lin, then we will retire first
He will say what the requirements are.
Just ask our Xuanyin Sect
I don't need your Xuanyingzong things, I don't like them
Ah, the old man said goodbye
Why Xuanyin Sect
Would be so submissive to antelopes
Antelope, I don't care what you do
What's the background?
The sect master of Tianzong must be mine